trivia:
  enable: true
  case-sensitive: false
  #__Leave the following 2 empty to disable them__
  titleMessage: 'TRIVIA'
  subtitleMessage: '&aCheck Chat!'
  data:
    1:
      question: 'Who is the goddess of magic?'
      answer: 'Mystra'
    2:
      question: 'Where is the city of Neverwinter located?'
      answer: 'Faerun'
    3:
      question: 'Which Sea borders the Sword Coast?'
      answer: 'Sea Of Swords'
    4:
      question: 'Who is the goddess of Luck?'
      answer: 'Tymora'
    5:
      question: 'The Neverwinter docks were located on the Bay of Mists at the mouth of what river?'
      answer: 'Neverwinter River'
    6:
      question: 'Luskan, was also known as the City of?'
      answer: 'Sails'
    7:
      question: 'Icewind Dale was an arctic tundra located in what region of the North?'
      answer: 'Frozenfar'
    8:
      question: 'Menzoberranzan was possibly the most well known drow city in Faerûn. It was home to which heroic drow?'
      answer: 'Drizzt Do Urden'
    9:
      question: 'The city of Menzoberranzan, mainly covered from calcite, the city was filled with blue, green, and violet faerie fire and Buildings were often covered with?'
      answer: 'Spiders'
    10:
      question: 'Who was the most influential goddess of the drow?'
      answer: 'Lolth'
    11:
      question: 'Which evil mythological creature was part woman and part bird?'
      answer: 'Harpy'
    12:
      question: 'Dwarves were unusually tough for humanoids, in more ways than one. Dwarven stomachs, for instance, were resistant to virtually all?'
      answer: 'Poisons'
    13:
      question: 'Nasher had collected numerous magic items during his adventuring career, what was the name of his enchanted boots?'
      answer: 'Nashers nimble boots'
    14:
      question: 'What is another name for The Hall of Justice in the city of Neverwinter?'
      answer: 'Temple of Tyr'
    15:
      question: 'What is the name of the main river that runs through Waterdeep?'
      answer: 'Dessarin'
    16:
      question: 'What is the largest forest in Faerûn?'
      answer: 'High Forest'
    17:
      question: 'Halaster Blackcloak, formerly Hilather Blackcloak, was a notorious, ancient, and utterly insane wizard who resided within his lair, the infamous?'
      answer: 'Undermountain'
    18:
      question: 'Where are the Nine Hells of Baator located?'
      answer: 'Outer Planes'
    19:
      question: 'The Astral plane connects all of the fiendish planes to what plane?'
      answer: 'Prime Material Plane'
    20:
      question: 'Which races is known for their floating cities?'
      answer: 'Netherese'
    21:
      question: 'What mountain range is home to the dwarven city of Mithral Hall?'
      answer: 'Spine Of The World'
    22:
      question: 'Which region in Faerûn is ruled by the Seven Sisters and is known for its magical heritage?'
      answer: 'The Silver Marches'
    23:
      question: 'What is the name of the vast desert located in the southern parts of Faerûn?'
      answer: 'The Anauroch Desert'
    24:
      question: 'What makes Tieflings distinct among the humanoid races?'
      answer: 'Infernal heritage'
    25:
      question: 'Which demon lord is known as the Prince of Demons and resides in the Abyss?'
      answer: 'Demogorgon'
    26:
      question: 'Who os the god of thieves?'
      answer: 'Mask'
    27: 
      question: 'What race is known for living in burrows and having an affinity for luck?'
      answer: 'Halfling'
    28:
      question: 'What type of creature is an Illithid also known as?'
      answer: 'Mind Flayer'
    29:
      question: 'What plane serves as the dark reflection of the Feywild?'
      answer: 'Shadowfell'
    30:
      question: 'Who rules the first layer of the Abyss?'
      answer: 'Pazuzu'
    31:
      question: 'What race primarily lives in the Underdark alongside the Drow?'
      answer: 'Duergar'
    32:
      question: 'Which race is known for their resistance to illusions and their love of tinkering?'
      answer: 'Gnome'
    33:
      question: 'Which monstrous humanoid race is known for their regenerative abilities?'
      answer: 'Troll'
    34:
      question: 'What is the name of the ruling system in most Drow cities?'
      answer: 'Matriarchy'
    35:
      question: 'What is the capital city of the Drow in the Underdark?'
      answer: 'Menzoberranzan'
    36:
      question: 'What continent lies west of Faerûn?'
      answer: 'Evermeet'
    37:
      question: 'What is the name of the demonic spider-like creatures that Lolth creates from cursed Drow?'
      answer: 'Drider'
    38:
      question: 'Which dwarven god is known as the All-Father of the Dwarves?'
      answer: 'Moradin'
    39:
      question: 'What is the name of the powerful orc nation in Faerûn?'
      answer: 'Kingdom of Many Arrows'
    40:
      question: 'What ability do Deep Gnomes (Svirfneblin) have that sets them apart from Rock Gnomes?'
      answer: 'Illusion Magic'
    41:
      question: 'What is the largest city in Faerûn?'
      answer: 'Waterdeep'
    42:
      question: 'Which region is known as the Land of Pirates?'
      answer: 'The Nelanther Isles'
    43:
      question: 'What is the name of the undead-infested wasteland in Faerûn?'
      answer: 'Thay'
    44:
      question: 'Who is the god of war in Faerûn?'
      answer: 'Tempus'
    45:
      question: 'What is the language of dragons and dragonborn?'
      answer: 'Draconic'
    46:
      question: 'What is the native language of the Drow?'
      answer: 'Undercommon'
    47:
      question: 'What is the ancient language of magic, often used in spellcasting?'
      answer: 'Draconic'
    48:
      question: 'What multi-eyed, floating aberration is sometimes found in the Underdark?'
      answer: 'Beholder'
    49:
      question: 'What savage reptilian creatures dwell in the deepest parts of the Underdark?'
      answer: 'Troglodyte'
    50:
      question: 'What terrifying creatures are covered in hooks and known for their bloodlust?'
      answer: 'Hook Horror'
    51:
      question: 'What is the name of the chaotic, shifting tunnels of madness deep within the Underdark?'
      answer: 'The Far Realm'
